Gameplay goals:

Remove KnP Samples before selling!

Need to make the player feel satisfaction by:
-Improving on ones own personal best;
-Beating a friends personal best;
-Solving a puzzle that had you confused for a while;
-Beating the odds, the longer the better;
-Becoming more powerful over time;
-Improving across a learning curve;
-Improving by finding hidden depth to the mechanics.
-Learning and executing a pattern with more precision over time;
-Finding a more efficient way to do something;
-Discovering something new;
-Being rewarded.
-Audio and Visual Feedback

Game Ideas:
Playfield is randomly generated via an algorithm.
In endless mode new blocks need to be added in somehow. (Preferably from the sides.

Build a shop whereby you can spend coins to buy better stuff?
Shop will be a power up that must be collected.
Coins are dropped randomly by blocks, gives you points and adds to your coin total.
Powerup Inventory that gets fillled up and is persistent over time.
Some pwoerups can only be gained by breaking blocks.
Some powerups can be activated.
Some powerups are time or event based (score, number of blocks broken, number of coins)

Gameplay Rules:

-Paddle speed must always be slightly faster than maximum ball speed.
Unless for powerup reasons it can be slower.
20% or so is a good spot.

Player does not have lives, but paddle has health bar that can be lost or regenerated.

Block types:
Standard block - Done
Has chance of generating a powerup.

Tough block 2 Hit - Done
Has chance of generating a powerup.

Tough block 3 Hit
Has chance of generating a powerup.

Tough block 4 Hit
Has chance of generating a powerup.

Mover Block
First hit starts block moving across play field.
2nd hit destroys block.
If block touches paddle, block is destroyed and player takes damage

Mover Block - Tough
First hit starts block moving across play field.
3rd hit destroys block.
If block touches paddle, block is not destroyed and player takes damage

Missle Block
First hit starts block moving, dropping below orther blocks and moving left and right across play field.
Block fires missles towards bottom of screen at random intervals.
3rd hit destroys block.

Missle Block - Heat Seeking
First hit starts block moving, dropping below orther blocks and moving left and right across play field.
Block fires missles towards bottom of screen at random intervals that track player.
3rd hit destroys block.


Still to build:



